# Discord Image Downloader Bot

## Introduction

The Discord Image Downloader Bot is a simple yet powerful bot that allows you to download images from a specific Discord channel. Whether you want to save beautiful artwork, or any other images shared in a channel, this bot can help you do it effortlessly.

## Installation

1. **Create a Discord Bot**:
   - Go to the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications).
   - Create a new application and give it a name.
   - In the "Bot" section, click "Add Bot" to create a bot user.

2. **Invite the Bot to Your Server**:
   - In the "OAuth2" section of your application, select the "bot" scope.
   - Under "Bot Permissions," select "Read Messages" and "View Channel History."
   - Copy the generated OAuth2 URL and paste it in your web browser to invite the bot to your server.

3. **Clone or Download the Bot**:
   - Clone this repository or download the source code to your local machine.

4. **Configure the Bot**:
   - Create a `.env` file in the bot's directory.
   - Define your Discord Bot Token in the `.env` file:
     ```
     BOT_TOKEN=your_bot_token_here
     ```
   - Define your Discord Channel ID in the `.env` file:
     ```
     CHANNEL_ID=your_channel_id_here
     ```
   - Define your Midjourney Bot ID in the `.env` file:
     ```
     MIDJOURNEY_BOT_ID=midjourney_bot_id
     ```

5. **Run The Script**:
   - Run `python3 MidjourneyImageDownloader.py` or in any other way to run a python script as per your system.

## Usage

- To download images from a channel, simply change the channel id in the .env file and Run the script it will start downloading the images as they get generated by other users after the bot has started

## Support and Issues

If you encounter any issues or have questions about using the Discord Image Downloader Bot, feel free to [create an issue](https://github.com/Concept_Art_AI/issues) in the GitHub repository.

---

**Disclaimer**: This bot is intended for personal use or within servers where you have the necessary permissions. Be respectful of Discord's Terms of Service and the rules of the servers you are a part of when using this bot.